welcome to the lab I'm Stu today we are
going to talk about how we can
capitalize on the advantage that we've
gained by being early to
AI over the last two years or however
long you've been involved you've been
learning and the skill the most
important one to learn was how to
communicate with AI in a way that
creates output that is valuable so
communicating with AI was the skill you
needed to learn and develop but now
we're in the period of the intelligence
explosion all the graphs are going
exponential we're on the cusp of the
next range of models that will likely be
more intelligent than
humans we're talking Claude 4 grock 3 is
being cped we've got GPT 4.5 and GPT 5
coming plus the big upgrade that's just
happened to GPD 4 which I'm going to
talk about in a moment
there's a lot happening in the world of
AI but now is the time to claim your
advantage and to turn it into something
tangible because the time for playing
around and and learning and getting it
to do stuff all well and
good but look what's
coming and I say this often because it
is so important we remember that AI will
disrupt Industries it's already begun
I've got copywriters telling me that
they're finding it harder and harder to
get work same with graphic designers and
that's just in my little marketing
bubble you go outside of this bubble and
you look at job listings for coders at
the junior level plummeting and this is
the beginning of a shift enabled by AI
technology and while a lot of people
focus on the Doomer side and the job
loss they forget that when we harness Ai
and we we sort of connect to it and
enhance our own skills our own
productivity our own intelligence
even then we can create an explosion of
value that's the other side of the coin
is the value we're going to be able to
create and the opportunities that that
will create already there are new jobs
that didn't exist pre
AI so let's not get caught up in the
Duma in that it's all going to go away
and let's figure out how to play play
the game of AI strategically so that if
it does go peer shaped we're at the end
of the disruption curve so that by the
time it gets to us whatever's happens
happened or we're already
okay I can't emphasize enough how
important it is right now to be
capitalizing on your strategic Advantage
but I get many of you saying to me well
how do I actually do
that how do I take what I've learned
and apply it to protect myself for
what's coming to position for Mass
adoption of AI when consumer Behavior
shifts and I've talked about all this
stuff before I won't go back into it
today today we're going to talk about
how to capitalize on that advantage and
the way to do it
folks is always to enhance what you're
already good at there are two paths
actually so let's examine each of those
two paths real quick path
one this is is a path if you are in a
job and that you're afraid you're going
to get disrupted because let me tell you
this the Paradigm of exchanging time for
money is probably going to come to an
end not in the short term but in the mid
to long term there is a lot of potential
that that could
happen and a lot of people are going to
be
impacted so isn't it better to prepare
and position now so when it does impact
you're not disrupted I mean to me it
makes so much shins but I look out the
window and I see people going about
their everyday lives as if nothing is
changing and I know humans don't like
changes but anyway so the option or the
path for the people that are in a dead
end or a a a path that doesn't have a
potentially good future with
AI there's two things you can do you can
upskill and learn how you can disrupt
your industry or you can start a second
income you can start something new and
if you were going to do that now is most
certainly the the time to do that and
I'll show you some ways you can do that
in a moment so the first path is a pivot
you're going to have to Pivot if you're
in a dead end or you're in an industry
or a role or a job or even a
business that can be disrupted by AI you
probably want to have a plan B you want
to have a pivot
strategy the second path is for those of
you that have learned enough about AI
can begin to incorporate it into what
you're doing to already make money so if
you're an entrepreneur or you're in
business you want to connect AI
strategically to your domain expertise
to your skills to your passions to the
things you are good
at so that you
can maximize The Edge you have over the
people in your Market that aren't using
AI so you can go faster better
cheaper and if you're harnessing AI
strategically you will make more money
than everybody else who's not using AI
because AI lets us extend our
intelligence well
beyond anything we can do by
ourselves and AI has got super good now
on a tangent I know a lot of people are
struggling with these reasoning models
and they don't get it I've had so many
people tell me yeah I hear about these
new reasoning models but they're me I
don't get great output and that's
because they work differently they've
got an internal Chain of Thought
mechanism that screws up the old prompt
structures so when you get good prompts
that work well on the old llms the pre-
reasoning models like gp4 and Claude 3.5
and so on Gemini Pro 1.5 or even 2.0
these are non reasoning models but the
way you talk to them is vastly different
from the way you talk to brand new
reasoning models and I finally after two
months pretty much cracked how to get
much better output because when you
think about it intelligence has going up
but people's outputs are staying static
because your inputs are staying static
now more than ever your input what you
say and do with the
AI is how you get the better output
which will translate through if you
execute on it into your Edge into um
capitalizing on your Edge and making it
something
tangible so now is the time I think to
get more strategic with AI and that's
the drum I've been banging the last few
weeks it'll proved to be correct I
guarantee
it but we must not lose sight of this
disruptive tsunami that's hitting
towards
us but many of you keep asking me well
how how do we do it
well think about the skills you've
gained along the way you know how to
talk to AI now you understand that input
if it's structured and better will
result in better output and now we can
uh prompt reasoning models and our
output can go like this as well we can
hit that exponential uptick it's not
like our outputs have to stay static so
let me demonstrate a little about what
I'm talking we'll start with a couple of
things I've got in preparation which is
going to help but let's start with GPT
chat GPT so GPT 40 great for most
questions has just had a major upgrade
just rolling through now and some people
are even getting infinite memory where
it can remember all your previous
chats but what a lot of people don't
realize is just how powerful this is
when you combine it with custom gpts and
something I've been teaching for at
least a year is how to build an AI
Army and you consider it this Command
Center in front of your chat GPT
interface and control it all and this is
our marketing accelerator framework this
is what we built at the end of that in
math version two mv2 is marketing
accelerator framework I'll drop some
links so you can go check it out it's
not a cheap framework it's
$999 but now with AI being as good as it
is it'll revolutionize the way you
create content but let me demonstrate
because blah blah blah a lot of people
talk few do so let let me show you what
I do so here's a little function a lot
of people aren't aware of you might find
this is interesting it's the at the
email symbol and you'll see it's bought
up a menu down below which is my custom
gpts and I have way too many so let's
say I want to create a Facebook post so
I'm just going to call up my
Facebook uh custom
GPT my Facebook GPT for methb 2 Okay so
this is one that I've built for me this
is part of math but you could the
content I've got coming you'll be able
to do this without needing to buy math
I'll explain more in a moment I want to
show you what's possible and how we use
this strategically so craft an email uh
an email uh uh
viralis Facebook
post about the need to leverage AI
strategically
what I'm talking about today to maximize
our
edge with
AI so we start with the Facebook post so
I've called up my Facebook post
generator and that's trained on my brand
voice my visual identity the type of
Facebook content I want all the
information about my brand and my offer
and with this intelligence explosion and
this upgrade to GPT 40 That's only just
happened we have got much better copy
all the GPT isms are going away there's
no unlock here there's no uh meticulous
empowered AI isn't a tool it's the
ultimate game changer for those who know
how to use it strategically amen preach
it Che GPT the businesses thriving today
aren't the ones replacing humans they're
the ones leveraging AI to amplify human
potential and this is what I have been
saying so isn't it great to see look how
easy it was for me to create this post
okay and okay now this is advertising
math version 2 this is my math
advertising uh GPT I just want to show
you what you can build for yourself and
you don't need math to build this I'm
going to show you another way so now
we've got this we think well that's
really cool but I want to turn that into
a blog post so I'm going to call up my
blog post GPT now I've got a couple
we'll call this one creates it articles
and blogs and now what I say is turn
this into an SEO optimized blog post and
it's already going to do all the stuff
in the background because the custom GPT
has been trained on a knowledge
base this is how easy it is to create
content now I've got a Blog coming look
at this so I've gone Facebook post blog
and I'll do two more I'll do an email
and we'll pick
another okay chaty PT running a bit slow
maybe a sign there's some more updates
coming
but you get the
idea so we'll just turn that off and so
we can see more so we are now getting a
blog post it'll be optimized it'll do
the optimization in the background you
can supply keywords if you have specific
ones I don't want to get stuck on the
SEO stuff but this is a very fast way to
create aligned blog post now this aligns
automatically to my target market
because in the training it already has
all of that
information so again it's just turning
this into a blog post I'm so sorry that
gp4 is running like a bag of uh slow
things right now this is quite unusual
nothing I can do about it always happens
when you're filming live doesn't it okay
so it's going to keep
writing great this is a very good blog
post normally it runs a bit quicker so
we'll queue up the next query while
we're letting that print because we can
get that ready so we're going to call up
email
so here's my email GPT now we got to
wait for this to finish but I can still
type my query and just say now
craft an email about this and attach a
20% off offer for the next 48
hours I don't have to put tone of voice
I don't have to put a big huge
structured prompt I just tell it in my
own words what I want and in just a few
minutes you have all all your content on
that theme crazy right okay it is still
printing it is so slow today uh usually
a sign that doing some tooling under the
under the hood and we we have been told
there's some new models coming from open
AI we're on that cusp as I said of all
these new models and they're all trying
to one up each other so yeah you're
gonna have we're going to have a huge
weeks okay so that's finished so now I
can run my email and I can run I could
say create me a sequence give me three
emails all just from my command center
and this is my what I call my uh custom
GPT Army I'm going to show you how to
create one over in patreon which we'll
talk about in a moment so look at this
see it knew the price I didn't have to
tell it any of that
information PS okay great and then the
last one let's bring up one more and we
could go Instagram so let let's let's or
a Twitter okay let's do a Twitter um
create three viral type tweets for this
content that's
it and I'll get three tweets that I can
go and put on Twitter or X as they call
it now
sorry more proof that humans are slow to
adapt and change it's been X for how
long and we still call it Twitter well I
do I call it X and Twitter anyway let's
not get into that AI isn't here to
replace you it's here to make you
Unstoppable and so on so this is all of
my brand voice all done and look I can
go Instagram I can create some Instagram
let's say I want to create an
image okay so let's go and call up my
idiogram for
example and this is a prompt generator
for idiogram now let's do one that you
actually makes an image let's do a
kawaii one I haven't used this one but
ages uh create an image to go with the
email
above it's all I have to do it's already
trained on my visual identity and so on
so now it'll create an image So within
just the time that you've been watching
this video look how quickly I've created
a content and it's not just content for
the sake of content it's strategic
content because this custom GPT Army has
been trained on my brand voice the
customer Journey that my customers go
through the are deep Psych Graphics what
makes them tick what makes them buy what
what their objections are the brand
voice that resonates and aligns my offer
to their Market this is how we use AI
strategically to move forward let's
generate it okay make it
please sometimes this is an older GPT I
might need to update the instructions oh
generate the image well you could stop
talking about
it uh make the image so we'll get out of
the GPT and see if it'll make it but
anyway chat GPT is a bit buggy today so
let's move on you get the idea it's
making the image now let's just review
so look how easy the prompting was no
prompt engineering required because we
built it
once
strategically and the prompt engineering
that runs behind these custom GP
is magical and it allows you to do
this so it's not about using prompts
anymore it's about creating tools this
is. one create AI tools for yourself so
now we've got a Facebook post a blog
post and these These are good AI writes
much B now the future of AI da da we've
got our email we've got our tweets and
hopefully we have a terrible image which
is why I don't use Dary it's so terrible
and old we use uh idiogram
anyway that is how well one way you can
use AI very strategically this what our
marketing accelerator framework does it
basically takes you through a manual
framework that gives the AI all that
context that you need to create a
strategic content strategy that moves
people through your customer Journey as
optimally as possible towards whatever
conversion method you have
this is in our patreon this is where
we're focusing on the Strategic use of
AI so yesterday for our uh highest here
agentic workflows and AI agents this is
almost a book it's got a whole bunch of
chapters and by going through this
you're going to know everything there is
to know about where we're at in the
agentic era and where the opportunities
are especially if you're
non-technical an XML prompt generator
this is a huge breakthrough that I've
only just announced and here is a custom
G PT that'll convert your old prompts
into prompts for reasoning models that
will take your output from here to here
and it works it is a I can't even begin
to tell you how relieved I am to finally
have cracked reasoning models and it's
very different let me show you here is
the information about what this new
breakthrough is but check out this
prompt have you ever seen a prompt like
this looks like code this is XML
format okay and what it does with
reasoning models
they need very structured precise
instructions we can still write our own
English and natural language in here
within the structure but as I said our
patreon members have a custom GPT prompt
generator that they can access to
automatically create these prompts you
can either just tell it what you're
trying to do and it'll create the prompt
or you can give it an old prompt that
maybe hasn't been giv you great output
Chuck it in and you'll be away laughing
and I mean look look how good the output
here is absolutely phenomenal so I back
it up and I show people what's possible
and give you the prompt to test it for
yourself takes two minutes you don't
need to intellectualize this stuff just
go take action do is much better than
think and talk take action now is the
time gosh I'm beating that drum hard
aren't I sorry so anyway lots of really
cool stuff in here um I have access to
uh chat GPT Pro which means I can use
deep research which is phenomenal and
down here I show you how to actually use
it properly there's a way to do it that
will give you much better
output
incredible business consultant to help
you work through any issues you're
facing in your business without having
to pay a business consultant this is
what we're doing in patreon it's about
using AI
strategically and this month what 17th
of February so in the next two weeks
we're going to have a new course for our
VIPs in here which is about using let me
turn off the screen share it's about
using
AI strategically it's called prompt
engineering for entrepreneurs and it's
going to be like nothing you have seen
before it's not just going to be learn
prompt engineering it's going to be how
do we leverage prompt engineering as an
entrepreneur to grow our business or to
make
money I don't know about you but now
between now and mass adoption I want to
start stacking some cash so I have some
insulation to protect me for what's
coming but anyway I'm not a get- rich
quick monkey oh you'll never hear me
talk like that but I've already made six
figures in AI I go to the full
numbers but if I can make money in AI
anybody can and I show you how I show
you how I do it I give you all my tools
so I want to show you another uh thing
that I've got here for you
this is Genesis and I've just dropped
this down to $99 remember those two
piles I talked about earlier
well if you need to start something new
it's very hard to launch a new offer but
this is an example of using AI
strategically so it starts with you and
rather than following some gurus path
and trying to do what they did to make
money it figures out what you're
naturally wired for so it starts by
learning your wiring what makes you you
and it's kind fun there's a few
personality tests that are really
fun and that creates a context document
and then we leverage that and AI is good
at alignment so we then figure out what
Niche or if you're already into a niche
what
offer is going to help you be passionate
about what you're doing leverage your
skills and the Strategic advantage that
you've built up in Ai and then we need
to be smart so it gets into your target
audience and personas at a very deep
level and we want to understand market
trends so we can see where it is all
going look this stuff can change your
life I have one guy go through this
struggled for years to get an offer off
the ground and now he's complaining he's
doing 30k months and doesn't have his
life he's he's busy all the time so now
he's focusing on how to optimize his
workflows and bring on a team to to keep
going because he's shooting fish in a
barrel you can be too but I don't make
promises I'm never going tell you this
will make you rich I'm just showing you
how to use AI strategically and this is
a very complex framework that has helped
a number of people so it's going to help
you build an offer that's perfectly
aligned to both the trends and the
audience it's going to help you create a
unique value proposition to
differentiate you from all the noise and
then it's going to break it down through
a virtual focus group so then you know
business isn't just putting an offer in
the market and this is what trips up
most people and it's why marketers have
a bad name and the whole info marketing
space collapse because 95% of people buy
these courses and and then failed
because they're following someone else's
path and they're learning how to create
offers but they're not learning how to
deliver value they're not learning how
to actually operate and run a business
so this is what this is about Frameworks
to support Flow State Building Sops that
are flexible now standard operating
processes sound awful but it's about
building the way you deliver value to
your clients in a way way that is
natural intuitive repeatable automatable
and
scalable and you can design a dream roll
for yourself that works to your wiring
and doesn't have all that horrible stuff
that causes you to procrastinate and
stay stuck and then we look at your
Framing and your unique brand voice and
then the real power of Genesis is taking
all of that information and converting
it into a simple plan acquisition
strategy and four of my 12 beta testers
had their first paying client within a
week of
implementation then it creates a
step-by-step execution blueprint that's
wired to the way you're wired so it's
natural and intuitive and it'll break
down your launch week to give you the
best possible chance of success so
Genesis is only
$99 and I've only just dropped that
price but I want more people to see it
Now's the Time to start harnessing these
kind of Frameworks but it's not just
about that you don't have to buy my
Frameworks it will help you but maybe
you want to figure it out for yourself
well patreon's going to give you the
tools the skills and the knowledge for
you to create that strategic Edge and
implement it to capitalize on it to turn
it into something tangible like more
profit more dollars more customers more
clients more free time whatever it is
that drives you because I know not
everyone's motivated by money
the thing is AI is a force multiplier
but
now and if you've followed any of my
content in the past and when I've been
saying we're approaching critical points
we've H all of them and this is another
one it is
time to
implement it's a time to cash in on that
advantage and to start turning it into
something tangible whatever that
tangible outcome is for you AI is good
enough now the next two or three weeks
we're going to have models that are even
more powerful and this new prompt
structure I've created will help you do
that so over in patreon we teach you how
to create custom gpts but I'm going to
put some new content as a bonus for the
the whole uh for all the paid
subscribers both the 9 and $49 tier it's
going to show you how to create a custom
GPT Army and create your knowledge bases
through synthetic prompting all the
information is already there I'm just
going to show you how to connect it all
because
now is not the time to Fumble AI this is
not a warmup the AI era is only going to
emerge once in human history we are
fortunate enough that not only are we
present during it we're part of it we're
ahead of the crowd we have an advantage
but that Advantage will go away very
quickly if we don't capitalize on it and
turn it into something real something
tangible so
that was a message for you
today I hope it resonates let me know
your thoughts in the comments and I'll
see you next time with something else
interesting around AI stay
[Applause]
[Music]
curious a now it's been a blast this has
been so great and all the lights are
dimmed will shine again my my
friend everybody needs a break but will
return trust me memories that we make
Will Keep Us full
ofly so take this time to restful me
back soon underneath the stars or maybe
beneath the moon keep that smile on your
face we'll be back to this cherish all
the
moments let the music music hold on to
this
feeling we'll be back one day
[Music]